typo: fix missing backtick (#20202)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/agents/getting-started/writing-your-first-agent.mdx

---
title: Writing your first Agent
updated: 2025-02-20
sidebar:
  order: 1

---

import { Render, PackageManagers, WranglerConfig } from "~/components"

:::note

New to building Agents and/or using Cloudflare Workers? This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating your first Agent and deploying it live.

> If you're familiar with Workers, you can head over to our [quick start guide](/agents/get-started/quick-start/) or review the [Agents API Reference](/agents/api/workers-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already familiar with Workers, you can head over to our [quick start guide](/agents/get-started/quick-start/) or review the [Agents API Reference](/agents/api/workers-api).
```
